---
title: "Click Through Rate"
date: 2018-08-07
tags: [machine learning, data science, random forest]
header:
    image: "/images/book12.jpeg"
excerpt: "Random Forest, CTR, Data Science" 
mathjax: "true"

---
 
* Goal  
The marketing team of an e-commerce site has launched an email campaign. They want to improve the click through rate. (CTR) 
The email is about the about a new feature implemented on the website.  A success is if the user clicks on the link inside of the email. This link takes the user to the company site.

* Description of Data:
This data file has three tables,
“email_table”,”email_open_table” and “link_clicked_table”. Company collected the
date randomly. They have chosen a random sample of users and emailed them. 

* Research questions:   
This project aims to use machine learning to improve click rate. Question is to ask
how the click rate is associated with factors like hour, purchase history etc.
1. Perform Random Forest prediction to improve click rate
2. Look at actionable insights

* Analyses to answer research questions:

We first check duplication of data set and merge tables. Regard open table and click
table, we use “0” and “1” to indicate the action is done. In action column, “2”
indicate click, “1”indicate open and “0” indicate not open.

##H2 Heading 
###H3 Heading

Here is some basic text. And here's some italics Here some blod text. What about a link? Here's a bulleted list:

First item
Second item
Third item
Here's numbered list:

First
Second
Third
Python code block: 
'''python immport numpy as np

  def test_function(x,y):
      z=np.sum(x,y)
      return z
'''

R code block:
'''r
library(tidyverse)
def read_csv("some_file.csv")
head(df)
'''r

Here is some inline code 'x+y'

Here is image: 

Here is some math: 

$$z=x+y$$

You can also put it inline $$z=x+y$$
